Left your house this mornin'
about a quarter after nine.
could have been the Willie Nelson.
Could have been the wine.
When I left your house
this morning, it was a little after nine.
It was in Bobcaygeon,
I saw the constellations
Reveal themselves one star at a time.
Drove back to town this morning
With working on my mind.
I thought of maybe quittin.
I thought of leaving it behind
I went back to bed this morning
And as I'm pulling down the blinds
Yeah, the sky was dull.
And hypothetical
And falling one cloud at a time.
That night in Toronto
With it's checkerboard floors
Riding on horseback.
And keeping order restored
'Til the men, they couldn't hang
Stepped to the mic and sang...
And their voices rang with that Aryan twang
I go to your house this morning.
Just a little after nine
In the middle of that riot
Couldn't get you off my mind
So I'm at your house this morning
Just a little after nine
'Cause it was in Bobcaygeon
where I saw the constellations
Reveal themselves one star at a time